Mention shallow vs deep validity (#9)
google/learn_unsafe_rust: src/advanced_unsafety/invalid_values.md

There are a lot of other reasons that a pointer type may not be valid, but these are the ones where the bit pattern is statically known to be invalid regardless of context. We'll be covering these in more depth in other chapters (@@note: where?), but, for example, all of these pointers must not only be non-null, they must also point to an actual valid instance of that type at all times (except `Vec<T>`, which is allowed to refer to invalid-but-aligned-and-non-null memory when it is empty)

#### "shallow" vs "deep" validity

> An open question in Rust's model is whether references and reference-like types have "shallow" validity (roughly, the rules above), or "deep" validity (where a reference is valid only when the pointed-to data is valid, and that applies transitively). This issue is tracked upstream as [UGC #77](https://github.com/rust-lang/unsafe-code-guidelines/issues/77). The current discussion seems to skew towards shallow validity as opposed to deep validity, but this code change.

Reviewer: Consider "referent" or "pointee" over "pointed-to data", depending on whether you want to avoid using jargon or avoid confusion over what "data" means 😉

Author: This is explicitly  meant as learning materials, so we're trying not to use too much jargon

> An open question in Rust's model is whether references and reference-like types have "shallow" validity (roughly, the rules above), or "deep" validity (where a reference is valid only when the pointed-to data is valid, and that applies transitively). This issue is tracked upstream as [UGC #77](https://github.com/rust-lang/unsafe-code-guidelines/issues/77). The current discussion seems to skew towards shallow validity as opposed to deep validity, but this code change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An open question in Rust's model is whether references and reference-like types have "shallow" validity (roughly, the rules above), or "deep" validity (where a reference is valid only when the pointed-to data is valid, and that applies transitively). This issue is tracked upstream as [UGC #77](https://github.com/rust-lang/unsafe-code-guidelines/issues/77). The current discussion seems to skew towards shallow validity as opposed to deep validity, but this could change.
```

Or "might", "may"...I'm not a native speaker and I'm not sure which is most correct.

> For the purposes of _writing_ unsafe code, it is convenient to imagine the boundary as being such that `&`/`&mut` references should never point to invalid memory. However, when auditing existing unsafe code it may be okay to allow cases of shallow validity depending on your risk appetite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the purposes of _writing_ unsafe code, it is convenient to imagine the boundary as being such that `&`/`&mut` references should never point to invalid memory. However, when auditing existing unsafe code it may be okay to allow scenarios that assume only shallow validity is required, depending on your risk appetite.
```
Totally unsure on use of commas or if this is now a run-on. But I think the point you're trying to make here is a bit muddy with the current wording. You want to say that a user may want to assume Rust does not require deep validity, and that's not totally clear.

Author: Good catch, thanks!

> For the purposes of _writing_ unsafe code, it is convenient to imagine the boundary as being such that `&`/`&mut` references should never point to invalid memory. However, when auditing existing unsafe code it may be okay to allow scenarios that assume only shallow validity is required, depending on your risk appetite.

Reviewer 3: > should never point to invalid memory

"Invalid memory" is a bit ambiguous. Maybe "memory that would not be valid to read at type `T`" or something like that?

Author: Improved in 8019e5a

## When you might end up making an invalid value

> Invalid values have a chance to crop up when you're reinterpreting a chunk of memory as a value of a different type. This can happen when calling [`mem::transmute()`], [`mem::transmute_copy()`], or [`mem::zeroed()`], when casting a reference to a region of memory into one of a different type, or when accessing the wrong variant of a `union`. The value need not be on the stack to be considered invalid: if you gin up an `&bool` that points to a bit pattern that is not a valid `bool`, that can instantly be UB (in a "deep validity" world) even if you don't read from the reference.

Reviewer 2: It may be prudent to add `mem::uninitialized` to the list here, unless it is already excluded from consideration elsewhere.

Author: We have a separate chapter on uninit and this chapter is explicitly not talking about uninit. But I think I can add a reminder to this section.

Author: added
